feat(pod-delete): Adding pod-delete experiment in go (#1)
litmuschaos/litmus-go: README.md

# litmus-go: 

This repo consists of Litmus Chaos Experiments written in golang. The examples in this repo are good indicators 

> of how to construct the experiments in golang: complete with steady state checks, chaosresult generation, chaos injectionm, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of how to construct the experiments in golang: complete with steady state checks, chaosresult generation, chaos injection etc..,
```
